Don't cry.
I don't want to see you cry
Cai Cai
I see.
Why did you hide your aunt's identity?
Mom was betrayed by Jiang Hongda in the Jiang family
swept out
Suffered
But Xiao Gu is not such a person
Mom believes that Xiao Gu will always love you and love you
I support you together
Mom, thank you.
I will not betray your trust
Earth, if you treat Mommy badly
When I grow up, I will raise you up
Hahaha you
Don't be discouraged if you fail.
I have another trick
You do as I say.
Ginger Caicai and Gu Zhenting can't make it
Parking
Don't you want to live?
I do not recognize
I really can't help it, just help me.
Do we know each other?
I don't know me, I'm Jiang Cai's boyfriend
5 years ago, Jiang Caicai gave herself to me at the hotel
He swore to love me forever
But now he has joined your son
I went looking for him, and he beat me up.
What you said is true